1-How do you define a Node class for a singly linked list in Python?

2-How do you create a singly linked list in Python?

3-Write a Python program to traverse a singly linked list.

4-How do you insert a node at the beginning of a singly linked list?

5-How do you insert a node at the end of a singly linked list?

6-How do you insert a node after a given node in a singly linked list?

7-How do you delete the first node of a singly linked list?

8-How do you delete the last node of a singly linked list?

9-How do you delete a node with a given value from a singly linked list?

10-Write a Python program to count the number of nodes in a singly linked list.

11-Write a Python program to search for a specific value in a singly linked list.

12-How do you reverse a singly linked list?

13-Write a Python program to check if a singly linked list is empty.

14-How do you print the elements of a singly linked list in reverse order (without reversing the list)?

Intermediate Problems
15-How do you find the middle element of a singly linked list in one pass?

16-Write a Python program to detect a loop in a singly linked list.

17-How do you remove a loop in a singly linked list?

18-Write a Python program to find the nth node from the end of a singly linked list.

19-How do you merge two sorted singly linked lists into one sorted linked list?

20-Write a Python program to remove duplicate nodes from a sorted singly linked list.

21-How do you check if a singly linked list is a palindrome?

22-Write a Python program to swap two nodes in a singly linked list.

23-How do you find the intersection point of two singly linked lists?

24-Write a Python program to rotate a singly linked list by k nodes.

25-How do you add two numbers represented by two singly linked lists?

26-Write a Python program to clone a singly linked list with random pointers.

27-How do you sort a singly linked list using merge sort?

28-How do you sort a singly linked list using bubble sort?

29Write a Python program to split a singly linked list into two halves.